# MrHyde
A simple implementation of a static page builder like Jekyll.

# Installation
        npm install --save-dev @amlopez333/mrhyde
        

# Usage
        mrhyde init
        mrhyde serve

Basic functionality is mapped to two commands `init` and `serve`.
`init` will create a brand new project with config files and default layouts. `serve` builds your project and launches a dev server. It also watches the `src/` directory for changes. 

# Project Structure

The project's structure generated by `init` is defined as follows:

        public/
        src/
            assets/
                css/
                sass/
            config/
                site.config.js -> this contains global information
                project.config.js -> this contains information relevant for build
            data/ -> here goes your JSON data files
            layouts/
            pages/
            partials/ 

The `public/` folder is where the site is going to be built. This is the default name, you can otherwise specify a name for this directory in the `project.config` file. The `src` directory and it's subdirectories will contain all that's necessary in order to build your project. The `assets` folder will contain all your css/sass and aditional assets such as images. The `config` file contains all the relevant configuration for your site. `Layouts` contains the templates for your pages. These templates are built using EJS. The `pages` folder will contain all your content, and these files can be written in Markdown, plain HTML, or EJS. The `partials` folder will contain reusable components that you want to use across your pages, like your `nav`, or your `head`. They sort of resemble Server Side Includes. 

If you use a different directory from `public/`, you will have to specify that directory to `serve`.

        mrhyde serve ./dist -> serves content in ./dist

# Exposing data globally

You can define data in JSON files and expose these data globally to your site using `site.config`, as follows.

        const someData = require('../data/someData')   
        module.exports = {
            site: {
                title: "Statistics",
                description: "I got payed after doing someone's statistic homework and my life was never the same",
                someData
            }
        }

This is what the `data` directory is for. 

# Commands

For a full list of available commands make sure to run 

        mrhyde --help


